So we know what I want it to is what is angular to you.
Honestly I do expect you to know the answer to this question.
I do have a recap section at the end of this course so please jump ahead to the sector right now.
If you're not sure what angle or to is if you've got some very very basics and you want to build up
on them and kind of refresh your knowledge angler's you of course use those components directives data
binding and all the features like services Dependency Injection forms and age to Depay.
And we're going to use and see all those features for this course.
So you definitely need to be aware of how you use them and what they do.
Again there is this refresher at the end of discourse which you should have a look at if you kind of
need to refresh your knowledge.
If all of this is brand new to you though what you can try with the refresher.
But then I also strongly recommend picking up a dedicated angle to chords to well have as backup was
following for discourse.